Add Fleet and Elastic Agent 9.0.2 Release Notes (#1483)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/fleet-elastic-agent/index.md

% ### Fixes [fleet-elastic-agent-next-fixes]
% *

## 9.0.2 [fleet-elastic-agent-9.0.2-release-notes]

### Features and enhancements [fleet-elastic-agent-9.0.2-features-enhancements]

> fleet-server::
> 
> * Update Go Version To V1.24.3. [https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/4891]({{fleet-server-pull}}4891)
> 
> elastic-agent::
> 
> * Upgrade Go Version To 1.24.3. [https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/8109]({{agent-pull}}8109)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates Go version to v1.24.3 in {{fleet}} [#4891]({{fleet-server-pull}}4891)

* Updates Go version to v1.24.3 in {{agent}} [#8109]({{agent-pull}}8109)
```

### Fixes [fleet-elastic-agent-9.0.2-fixes]

> elastic-agent::
> 
> * Preserve Agent Run State On Deb And Rpm Upgrades. [https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/7999]({{agent-pull}}7999) [https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/3832]({{agent-issue}}3832)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improves the upgrade process for {{agent}} installed using DEB or RPM packages by copying the run directory from the previous installation into the new version's folder. This preserves {{agent}} state that would otherwise be lost during the upgrade. [#7999]({{agent-pull}}7999) [#3832]({{agent-issue}}3832)
```
